I just Tampa tech and learn something
new from PC TVs and gaming to start
all right if you're a picture looks
blurry like this and you got red and
blue looks like 3d the picture is
shooting off 3d that's and the red is
out in the blue is out all right and you
have a big-screen TV like this and see
how like it's huge it's a rear
projection screen TV what you want to do
is on your TV setting this TV right
there
want a hit menu you'll get this and want
to go into your picture settings this
picture and then once you go to picture
settings you hit down down down down
down down down down to a vergence
okay when you click to the right
and you'll get red and blue so as you
can see the red is to the right the
Blues to the bottom-left so we want to
do is every time you hit select or enter
this is the okay select or enter button
so every time you hit that a toggle blue
red blue okay so let's select red and
what you want to do is because it's to
the right
just go to the left so hit left left
left left left
and it almost lined up with the
crosshair left left left left left left
left left and now it's lined up with the
crosshair now hit select now we're going
to do the blue
now with the blue you want to go
probably up and right so let's go up up
up up up up up
and that's all maybe a couple times more
up up up and then now to a there's blue
going to the left see the white cross
here you want the blue more to the right
so let's go to the right right right
right right right right right right
right right right right now it's pretty
lined up pretty close and then once
you're done you can hit exit and then
it's going to do if you do the
convergence right there for all of them
but you have to hit the buttons one puts
you on the top left
so you hit one the number one button see
how the red convergence is out to the
right so hit select and choose right and
so now it's in red mode so now using the
d-pad directional pad since the red is
to the right side of the white crosshair
you want to go left left left left left
left left left left on the d-pad then up
up and that's it and the blue looks
pretty good on that so we'll leave the
blue and then you would have to hit exit
and then just do the same thing you can
do the number two but the number two
looks okay I mean from this point on you
could just do one two three four five
six seven eight nine and then exit out
but some people say do it this way hit
one then nine and then three and then
seven and then they do four six I mean
there's different ways to do it but
that's pretty much it once you like
really mainly do the center you can just
leave this Center B and sometimes if
it's you know just off a little bit that
should fix it but if it's really off
then you have to go into this grid and
just go one number at a time and just do
the crosshairs all over the screen
please II meaning you hit exit exit and
exit again and look at the picture
perfect perfect yeah it's a lot clearer
a lot clearer that's it thanks for
watching subscribe to Tampa tech and
like and share